I want to add CRUD features on product page.
the first page after login must be list of the products.
In this listing page I want "new product" button right corner.
In Product list I want to show "Edit" and "Delete" buttons.
"Delete" feature must be soft delete so you have to add isDelete status column in database table(you can edit only in the entity).
You have to follow up on my current project structure and design theme.

## Fix the UI
In this page "New Product" button is showing center. I want you to move it right alignment.
In this image I'm highlighted two places, you have to fix the deign to uniform in all pages.
The project can be created but The table design is not good and fix the design. I don't want to show the image of the project in listing. I only want to show the image when I click on the edit button.
And "Product created successfully" status must show in green color with highlight box.

#Fix the UI
In project update page remove "Remove Current Image" check box and move choose file section next to the picture.

#Fix the alert box
when I delete the product, the alert box showed and this is good design. But I don't like browser native alert box.
So you have to create own confirm box.

#Update image size limitation
Image size limitation is very low. So set to 2MB max.

#Update the code design
Update the code design from controller layer. You have to move business logics into service layer(service package),
Dto and Dao must be use to separate respective code designs. The controller code must be clean and it only perform accepting the request,
filtering the request and responding the right answers to the destination.


Day 3

#Enhance the UI design.
I want to modify the Product page. The Product listing page must be replace with business Portal UI design.
Menus will exist left side, right sie must show menu related page. In the menu add Products, Users and Logout button.
Currently there is no user feature and I will add soon.

#User Feature
I want to add user accounts. I will need user table.
User table must contain following columns
(id, username, email, password(hash), salt, isLock, isVerify, created_date, updated_date)
password must use SHA256 Algorithm with salt pattern.
Create admin account with password(1234) and store admin data in database directly.
And add user CRUD functions for Admin page. When admin create a new user auto generated password must be create and this password must be
update by user when he/she enter the portal. Password validation minimum 6 characters, numbers, alphabet small and upper cases.
Admin able to lock user accounts.




